April Serenity updates (#589)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/04-2020/2-associations-updates.md

# Product associations update

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## View the number of associations per product

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity, Data Governance" available="10th of April" link-to-doc="../articles/products-associations.html#view-the-products-associations"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity, Data Governance" available="mid-April" link-to-doc="../articles/products-associations.html#view-the-products-associations"
```

Reviewer 2: I agree not to be precise at a day level

:::

> We now display the **total number of associations per product or product model nearby the `Associations` tab** when you are your product form.    

Reviewer 2: "when you are in your product form."
The "in" was missing here.

Author: I put 'on your product form' @camillebourjade is this correct?

> You can now quickly see the number of associations for your products.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can now see the number of associations for your products at a glance.
```

We also show you the **total number of associations per association type**, when you are on your product associations page.

![Associations number](../img/associations-number.png)

## Easy access to associations

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity, Data Governance" available="10th of April" link-to-doc="../articles/products-associations.html#open-an-associated-product"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity, Data Governance" available="mid-April" link-to-doc="../articles/products-associations.html#open-an-associated-product"
```

Reviewer 2: I agree not to be precise at a day level

:::

> Many of you were asking for it... From the `Associations` tab, you can now click on an associated product or product model and have it displayed in a new tab!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Many of you had been asking for it... From the `Associations` tab, you can now click on an associated product or product model and have it displayed in a new tab!
```

## Association screen improvement

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity" available="mid-April" link-to-doc="../articles/products-associations.html"

Author: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Product associations, Productivity" available="mid-April" link-to-doc="../articles/products-associations.html"
```

> ::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity" available="10th of April" link-to-doc="../articles/what-about-measurements.html"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: meta-data type="New" features="Product associations, Productivity" available="mid-April" link-to-doc="../articles/what-about-measurements.html"
```

Reviewer: The link is wrong.

Reviewer 2: Appropriate link: "articles/products-associations.html"

Author: f*ck - I think I copied the link but not edit them :/ will change it thank you.

:::

> Until now, when opening the associations screen to associate more product with a product, the label of your product was not visible. We now display it under the title! This way we make sure you never lose track of what you are doing, even when a colleague of yours interrupt you during your work!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Until now, when opening the association screen to associate a product with another one, the label of your product was not visible. We now display it under the title! This way we make sure you never lose track of what you are doing, even when a colleague of yours interrupts you during your work!
```
